Update README.md (#28)
DevExpress-Examples/angular-dashboard-switch-themes: README.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T828717)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# HTML JS Dashboard - How to Switch Themes/Color Schemes

> Our HTML JS Dashboard does not provide a way to switch themes in applications using the same mechanism as in our [online demo](https://demos.devexpress.com/Dashboard/) This example demonstrates a way to implement the required functionality in an Angular application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our HTML JS Dashboard does not provide a way to switch themes in applications using the same mechanism as in our [online demo](https://demos.devexpress.com/Dashboard/). This example demonstrates how to implement the required functionality in an Angular application.

```

In the **dashboard-angular-app** folder, run the following commands:

```
npm istall
npm start
```
## Example Overview

> To implement switching themes functionality, follow the steps below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps below to implement the theme-switching functionality:

```

1. Remove all style registrations related to the dashboard from the *styles.css* file.
1. Add theme CSS files from the node_modules folder to assets. See the [Angular.json](dashboard-angular-app/angular.json#L25-L40) file

> 1. To dynamically switch themes, include theme CSS files into the *index.html* page. Register CSS styles in the order shown in the [Apply a Default theme](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/119299#apply-a-built-in-theme) section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To dynamically switch themes, include theme CSS files in the *index.html* page. Register CSS styles in the order shown in the [Apply a Default theme](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/119299#apply-a-built-in-theme) section:

```

      <link rel="dx-theme" type="text/css" data-theme="generic.dark" href='/assets/css/devextreme/dx.dark.css' data-active="false" />
      <link rel="dx-theme" type="text/css" data-theme="genericatat.carmine" href='/assets/css/devextreme/dx.carmine.css' data-active="false" />
      <link rel="dx-theme" type="text/css" data-theme="genericatat.greenmist" href='/assets/css/devextreme/dx.greenmist.css' data-active="false" />
      <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href='/assets/css/analytics/dx-analytics.common.css' />
      <link id="themeAnalytics" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href='/assets/css/analytics/dx-analytics.light.css' />
      <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href='/assets/css/analytics/dx-querybuilder.css' />
      <link id="themeDashboard" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href='/assets/css/dashboard/dx-dashboard.light.css' />
    </head>
    <body>
      <app-root></app-root>
    </body>
    </html>
    ```

   Add DevExtreme themes as described in the following topic: [Switch Between Themes at Runtime](https://js.devexpress.com/Angular/Documentation/Guide/Themes_and_Styles/Predefined_Themes/#Switch_Between_Themes_at_Runtime).

> 4. Handle the `onDashboardTitleToolbarUpdated` event in the *app.component.ts* file and add a popup menu to the dashboard toolbar to switch themes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Handle the `onDashboardTitleToolbarUpdated` event in the *app.component.ts* file and add a pop-up menu to the dashboard toolbar to switch themes:

```

          workingMode: "Designer",  
          extensions: {  
            'viewer-api': {  
              onDashboardTitleToolbarUpdated: this.onDashboardTitleToolbarUpdated  
            }  
          }  
        });  
    ```

    To register the color scheme icon, use the following code:

    ```js
    export classAppComponent implements AfterViewInit, OnDestroy {  
      private dashboardControl: DashboardControl;  
      private colorSchemeIcon = '<svg id="colorSchemeIcon" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><defs><style>.dx_gray{fill:#7b7b7b;}</style></defs><title>Themes copy</title><path class="dx_gray" d="M12,3a9,9,0,0,0,0,18c7,0,1.35-3.13,3-5,1.4-1.59,6,4,6-4A9,9,0,0,0,12,3ZM5,10a2,2,0,1,1,2,2A2,2,0,0,1,5,10Zm3,7a2,2,0,1,1,2-2A2,2,0,0,1,8,17Zm3-8a2,2,0,1,1,2-2A2,2,0,0,1,11,9Zm5,1a2,2,0,1,1,2-2A2,2,0,0,1,16,10Z" /></svg>';  
      //..  
      ngAfterViewInit(): void {  
      //...  
      ResourceManager.registerIcon(this.colorSchemeIcon);  
      //...
    ```  
1. Import the themes property from the `devextreme/ui/themes` file to *app.component.ts*. This allows you to switch DevExtreme themes.

> 1. Import the Document property from the `@angular/platform-browser` file to *app.component.ts*. It is also necessary to inject the static document property. This will grant you access to the document property. You will be able to switch the Dashboard and Analytics themes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Import the Document property from the `@angular/platform-browser` file to *app.component.ts*. It is also necessary to inject the static document property. This grants you access to the document property, and you can switch the Dashboard and Analytics themes.

```
